PM知道我们这个改动吗? /Does PM know about our changes?
我在这里加了一个判断，如果是w layout，就不会进入这个逻辑。/I added a judgment here. If it is a w layout, it will not enter this logic.
We're in the process of upgrading the repository to use typescript 5.3.3. I'd appreciate your help reviewing and smoke testing your canvas to avoid major breaks. You can take a look at the changes in the following PR. /我们正在升级存储库以使用typescript 5.3.3。我希望你能帮忙审查和烟雾测试你的画布，以避免重大破坏。你可以在以下PR中查看更改。
resize的时候因为layout显示不出来导致sentinel会一直出现在视窗中，从而不停地请求feed data.导致广告卡的请求变多。/When resizing, because the layout cannot be displayed, the sentinel will always appear in the viewport, resulting in continuous requests for feed data, which leads to more requests for ad cards.
我看到column数据中加了一些section traker的数据。/I saw that some section tracker data was added to the column data.
Hi A，关于上午你提到的那个apperror我已经找到根因了。/Hi A, I have found the root cause of the apperror you mentioned this morning.
所以除了这里已经处理过的AppError以外剩下的appError我们都可以挑选去分析，而不会造成重复工作。/So we can choose to analyze the remaining appErrors, which will not cause duplicate work, in addition to the appErrors that have been processed here.
在experiment里填写flight，相当于新建这个flight，所以显示已经被占用了，我建了一个ticket，在问是否可以在新的experiment中使用已经得flight。/Fill in the flight id in the experiment, which is equivalent to creating the flight id, so it shows that it has been occupied. I will build a ticket to ask if the flight id could be reused in a new experiment.
现在是有些card当数据不全的时候，返回null 或者直接抛异常，有些card返回emptydata，有数据结构，但是内容空。这2种情况的结果是一样的，都是feedData里不插入这张卡的数据。/Now, when some cards don't have a valid data, they return null or throw exceptions directly, and some cards return emptydata, which have data structures, but the content is empty. The results of these two situations are the same, and the data of this card is not inserted in feedData.
不是特别懂这里，如果 hide story card了， 不就直接 throw error，不显示内容了？/I don't quite understand here. If story card is hidden, it will throw an error and not display the content, right?
感谢大家来参与讨论，并分享了很多很好的idea，我稍后会将我们的讨论结果总结一下发到群里。 /Thank you all for participating in the discussion and sharing a lot of good ideas. I will summarize our discussion results and send them to the group later.
我们删除了通用的属性的传递，这些属性将在buildFeedData函数中统一添加。/We deleted the passing of common properties, and these properties will be added uniformly in the buildFeedData function.
所有的这些属性，都是columnCardData中的通用属性，这些通用属性都会在buildFeedData函数中统一添加。/All of these properties are common properties in columnCardData, and these common properties will be added uniformly in the buildFeedData function.
通用数据无需传递，buildFeedData函数中会统一添加。/Common data does not need to be passed, and will be added uniformly in the buildFeedData function.
we created a new function called buildFeedData, which is used to build the feedData. /我们创建了一个新的函数叫做buildFeedData，用来构建feedData。
对于每个dataMapper来说，所传递的baseCardData只需要包含各自的特殊属性，如id等，通用属性不需要添加，buildFeedData函数中会统一添加。/For each dataMapper, the passed baseCardData only needs to contain its own special properties, such as id, etc., and common properties do not need to be added, which will be added uniformly in the buildFeedData function.
好的，我从今天开始会先去了解一下任务细则，然后跟stan一起估计一下任务量，然后再和你们讨论一下。/Okay, I'll start to learn about the task details from today, then estimate the task volume with stan, and then discuss with you.
Hi, B，你们那边有没有哪个同事对A项目了解多一些的。/Hi, B, do you have any colleagues who know more about project A?
选出一个人来主导这个任务，负责跟其他team沟通，然后把这个任务拆分成小任务，分配给其他人。/Choose one person to lead this task, be responsible for communicating with other teams, and then split this task into small tasks and assign them to others.
这个倒不是特别为减小bundle size准备的，/This is not particularly prepared to reduce the bundle size,
当然减少了bundle sizes我也是很开心的。/Of course, I'm also very happy to reduce the bundle sizes.
谢谢你对它的赞赏。我们也在考虑有什么方式能继续优化这里，如果有什么好的想法，欢迎提出。/Thank you for your appreciation. We are also considering ways to continue to optimize here. If you have any good ideas, please feel free to put them forward.
code 已经checed in, 值得高兴的是，我们减少了一些bundle size。/Code has been checked in. It is worth mentioning that we have reduced some bundle sizes.
As it impacts many canvases did we get sign off different canvases?/由于它影响了很多canvas，我们是否得到了不同canvas的签名？
这是我最近提交的PR的一些更改。/These are some changes to the PR I submitted recently.
提醒sd card owner我们对大部分card都进行了refactor, 涉及到的卡片在下面这个excel表中。/Remind the sd card owner that we have refactored most of the cards, and the cards involved are in the following excel table.
我们这次的refactor，主要是为了统一各个mapper中通用属性的转换方式。/Our refactor this time is mainly to unify the conversion method of common properties in various mappers.
很高兴这次的改动减小了bundle size。/I'm glad this change has reduced the bundle size.
我的测试一直因为一些网络资源加载问题导致一直失败，有没有人能帮忙看下这个问题？/My test has been failing due to some network resource loading problems. Can anyone help me with this problem?
这是一个临时的解决方案用与满足B条件，但是我们还是需要一个更好的解决方案。/This is a temporary solution to meet the B conditions, but we still need a better solution.
在页面上，A布局跟B卡是捆绑关系。/On the page, the A layout is bundled with the B card.
对于web-content-card和content-card。我不确定NTP中有没有用到，但是这么写上是更保险的做法。/For web-content-card and content-card. I'm not sure if it's used in NTP, but it's safer to write it like this.
简化了写法，强制转换infopane的template。/Simplified the writing and forced the conversion of infopane template.
我们做这个更改，是因为prong2上的infopane在columns内需要循环遍历才能找到。/We made this change because the infopane on prong2 needs to be looped through the columns to find it.
Regarding the comment you made about the increased computation time, are you referring to the absence of the infopane in the layout when the second call occurs? Despite the lack of an infopane, we still proceed with the conversion, resulting in a potential increase in computation. I reviewed the TegCreatorFactory.getViewTemplate function and observed that it incorporates a caching mechanism, mitigating the overall computational impact./关于你对增加计算时间的评论，你是指第二次调用时布局中没有infopane吗？尽管没有infopane，我们仍然会继续转换，导致潜在的计算增加。我回顾了TegCreatorFactory.getViewTemplate函数，并观察到它包含了一个缓存机制，从而减轻了整体的计算影响。
On another note, when you suggested performing the conversion in Feedmanager, does that imply a modification to the template for the Topstories card prong2 to directly utilize cs-infopane? While this may appear to be the optimal solution, we anticipate the need for additional time to thoroughly test it and ensure its compatibility with all scenarios. /另外，当你建议在Feedmanager中执行转换时，是否意味着修改Topstories card prong2的模板，以直接使用cs-infopane？虽然这看起来是最佳解决方案，但我们预计需要额外的时间来彻底测试它，并确保它与所有场景的兼容性。
上面这个请求是我模拟了前端没有watefall layout的时候，后端在waterfall实验中时的请求。现在有个问题就是在表格中，这种情况应该后端应该返回给我一个fallback的layout，但是现在返回的是一个仍然是column based layout。麻烦看一下呢？/The above request is that I simulated the request when the front end does not have watefall layout and the back end is in the waterfall experiment. Now there is a problem that in the table, the back end should return me a fallback layout in this case, but now it returns a column based layout. Could you please take a look at it?
而且我还想问下这个表格中的信息，是否是准确的。现在wpo端已经按照这个表格中的方案ship了改动吗？/And I also want to ask if the information in this table is accurate. Now the wpo side has shipped the changes according to the scheme in this table?
hi，xx, 我整理了一下前端对应fight mismatch 处理的逻辑关系，请帮忙确实红框中的请求QSP跟response的一致性。/Hi, xx, I sorted out the logic relationship of the front-end corresponding to the fight mismatch processing. Please help to confirm the consistency of the request QSP and response in the red box.
这个问题现在有点block我们做端对端的测试。/This problem is a bit blocking us from doing end-to-end testing now.
黄色底色的是前端会真实触发的请求参数, 白色底色非前端正常逻辑。/The yellow background is the request parameters that the front end will actually trigger, and the white background is not the normal logic of the front end.
前端不会做转换，而是重新请求数据，我现在测试的是这条链路没有问题。/The front end will not do the conversion, but re-request the data. What I'm testing now is that there is no problem with this link.
现在wpo那边是通过什么判断是second call的？/How does wpo determine that it is a second call now?
那我可以改下这个图上C1的QSP信息，我这里加上nesSkip主要想说明是second call。/Then I can change the QSP information of C1 in this figure. I mainly want to show that it is a second call by adding nesSkip here.
现在C1的情况在WPO还是不支持的吗，这个也会在明天的PR中一起支持吗？/Is C1 still not supported in WPO now? Will this also be supported in tomorrow's PR?
我有什么最简单的方式判断是否是template-based response吗, 还是说我只能通过找到river中的subsection里的template来判断？/Is there any simplest way for me to judge whether it is a template-based response, or can I only judge it by finding the template in the subsection of the river?
或许用requestedColumnCount判断是否是column-based response更好？/Maybe it's better to judge whether it's a column-based response by using requestedColumnCount?
我更新了图表，红色字体标注的是我们发现的wpo存在的bug, q请注意。黑色的部分是前端准备实施的方案。划掉的部分是备选方案。/I updated the chart. The red font indicates the bug we found in wpo. Q please note. The black part is the scheme prepared by the front end. The crossed out part is the alternative scheme.
handle以下场景，当前端准备渲染waterfall layout但是后端返回了template-based response。或者前端准备渲染Grid layout但是后端返回了column-based response。/Handle the following scenarios, when the front end is ready to render the waterfall layout, but the back end returns the template-based response. Or when the front end is ready to render the Grid layout, but the back end returns the column-based response.
稍微改了一点，因为2中情况都得发apperror. /I changed it a little bit, because both cases 2 need to send apperror.
目前这种情况下，前端是不支持waterfall layout的，所以我们应该可以忽略这种情况。/At present, the front end does not support waterfall layout in this case, so we should be able to ignore this case.
前端后端都不支持非rail模式的waterall layout，我们可以用现有的tmpl RailMode=0来过滤掉这种情况。/Neither the front end nor the back end supports the waterfall layout of non rail mode. We can use the existing tmpl RailMode = 0 to filter out this situation.
这个id我在哪里都没有用到，你可以直接拿去用。/I haven't used this ID anywhere. You can use it directly.
可以这样写的，因为当cardsize 是1 的时候 ，不会进入这个逻辑。/You can write it like this, because when cardsize is 1, it will not enter this logic.
我们是否能在最外层先判断waterfall来简化逻辑呢？/Can we simplify the logic by judging the waterfall at the outermost layer?
调整装饰展示所需的页面宽度。/Adjust the page width required for decoration display.
你是从何得知我们team的，你对我们team工作感兴趣的点在哪里？你目前已经了解了一些我们team的工作内容吗？/How did you know about our team? What are the points of interest in our team's work? Have you already understood some of the work of our team?
我如何联系你的朋友，或者说她会来联系我吗？/How can I contact your friend, or will she contact me?
我在组里主要是负责前端的工作，是在XX上工作的，不知道你听说过没有。我们在XX上做的是coreUx相关的工作，就是跨canvas的一些shared组件的开发，例如A，B, 现在正在进行的是C的开发。/I am mainly responsible for the front-end work in the team, and I work on XX. I don't know if you have heard of it. What we are doing on XX is coreUx-related work, which is the development of some shared components across canvases, such as A, B, and the development of C that is currently in progress.
周中的早上我们通常有晨会，这是用来跟美国的team进行沟通的，通常是PM和那边的dev manager来参加。他们会assign一些work item给我们。我们也会同步最新的工作进展在会上。也会讨论一些工作中遇到的问题。或者有需要帮助的地方。/We usually have a morning meeting in the middle of the week, which is used to communicate with the team in the United States. Usually, the PM and the dev manager over there will attend. They will assign some work items to us. We will also synchronize the latest work progress at the meeting. We will also discuss some problems encountered in the work. Or where help is needed.
每周还会有一两个周会，这个会是我们team内部的，主要是用来review我们这周的工作进展，讨论一些问题，或者分享一些经验。/There is also a weekly meeting, which is internal to our team. It is mainly used to review the progress of our work this week, discuss some problems, or share some experience.
关于Abug，我找到了根因，是由xx这个提交引入的。/Regarding the A bug, I found the root cause, which was introduced by the submission of xx.
每当我们Switch pivot的时候，都会重新new 一个feedManager，因此，切换pivot后，这段代码中的this.layout是undefined，导致每次切换后都用按照已经记录下来的SSR的layout size作为当前页面的size。/Every time we switch pivot, we will re-new a feedManager, so after switching pivot, this.layout in this code is undefined, which causes the size of the SSR layout recorded to be used as the current page size every time after switching.
我想到的解决方案就是在switch pivot的时候，记录在全局变量中当前是一个switch，然后updateLayout的时候，增加对这个变量的判断。当然，使用全局变量不是最好的解决方案，或许你们能帮忙想到更好的解决方案。/The solution I thought of is to record that it is a switch in a global variable when switching pivot, and then add a judgment of this variable when updateLayout. Of course, using a global variable is not the best solution, maybe you can help think of a better solution.
waterfall实验中appError减小的原因是一个6天前新增的feature，导致的，这个function只在control下触发了。/The reason for the reduction of appError in the waterfall experiment is a feature added 6 days ago, which caused this function to be triggered only under control.
经过一天的调查，我没有发现能复现这个问题的步骤，code我也review了一遍，没有发现问题。/After a day of investigation, I did not find any steps to reproduce this problem, and I reviewed the code and did not find any problems.
从数据上，差距比较大的卡类型就是article card。/From the data, the card type with the largest gap is the article card.
这个错误报错的原因如果某个cards没有触发渲染完成标记，当页面关闭的时候,就会报一个appError。/The reason for this error is that if a card does not trigger the rendering completion flag, an appError will be reported when the page is closed.
选择你能参加我们wmc午餐会的日期，可多选。/Choose the date you are available to attend our wmc lunch meeting, multiple choices are allowed.
option2的实验已经停止超过3天了，kusto上数据已经清除了，现在没办法分析了，不知道之前是否有人取过当时的实验数据？/Option2's experiment has been stopped for more than 3 days, and the data on kusto has been cleared. Now there is no way to analyze it. I don't know if anyone has taken the experimental data at that time?
Stepping In and Accepting Responsibility. /主动承担责任。
So, I hate to do this to you because you’re still new, but I’ve had a last-minute situation come up, and I need to be on a plane to Paris tonight. Our pre-con meeting for the tech conference next week is tomorrow morning, and obviously I can't make it back in time to facilitate. Do you think you could step in for me? /所以，我不想这样对你，因为你还是新人，但是我有一个临时情况，我需要今晚坐飞机去巴黎。我们下周的技术会议的预备会议是明天早上，显然我回不来及时主持。你觉得你能替我出面吗？
OK, so the attendees I need to remind are listed in the conference files, you’re forwarding me the minutes, and our first order of business is to devise a plan to find more volunteers? /好的，所以我需要提醒的与会者都列在会议文件中，你把会议记录转发给我，我们的首要任务是制定一个计划，找到更多的志愿者？
Is there anyone I can approach with questions? /有没有人可以向我提问？
Assure the person giving you the assignment that you're committed to accomplishing the task in his or her place. Seeing that you've taken ownership of the responsibility will help the assignment giver feel confident that you'll take care of everything well. /向给你任务的人保证你会承担起他或她的责任。看到你已经承担了责任，会让任务的接受者感到你会很好地处理一切。
I’ll hold down the fort. /我会守住阵地。
You can count on me. /你可以相信我。
Don’t worry. I’ll have everything under control. /别担心。我会控制一切的。
I’ll make sure everything goes smoothly. /我会确保一切顺利进行。
I’d like you to send out e-mail reminders to the key players coming to the meeting, and I’ll forward you the previous minutes so you’ll know the questions to address. Oh, and there’s one important issue that needs to be resolved, which is that we don’t have enough volunteers yet. It’s essential that the group reach a consensus on how to recruit more. /我希望你给参加会议的关键人物发送电子邮件提醒，我会把之前的会议记录转发给你，这样你就会知道要解决的问题。哦，还有一个重要的问题需要解决，那就是我们还没有足够的志愿者。团队达成如何招募更多志愿者的共识是至关重要的。
Thanks! I'll check in with you tomorrow to see how it went, but I'm confident you'll have everything under control. /谢谢！我明天会跟你联系，看看情况如何，但我相信你会控制一切的。
我们去玩秋千好吗？/Can we go play on the swing?
你想妈妈了吗？/Do you miss mom?
姐姐在写作业吗？/Is sister doing her homework?
你跳完绳了吗，今天跳了多少个？/Have you finished jumping rope? How many did you jump today?
你完成英语作业了吗？/Have you finished your English homework?
你能跟我说一下你今天学习的英文句子吗？/Can you tell me the English sentences you learned today?
你今天学了什么新的英文单词？/What new English words did you learn today?
赶快去洗漱，准备睡觉了。/Hurry up and wash up, it's time to go to bed.
走，我们去吃饭。/Let's go eat.
你今天吃了什么好吃的？/What delicious food did you eat today?
我准备骑电动车带你们去公园完一会儿，前提是你快点写完作业。/I'm going to take you to the park on an electric bike in a while, provided you finish your homework quickly.
你整理完书包了吗？/Have you finished packing your schoolbag?
记得带英语卡片去学校。/Remember to take the English cards to school.
读P12的课文，然后写一篇作文。/Read the text on page 12 and then write an essay.
不行了，今天太晚了不能念书了。/No, it's too late today to study.
你还有什么任务没完成？/What else do you have to do?
你还有几个任务没完成？/How many tasks do you have left?
洗脸了吗？/Have you washed your face?
刷牙了吗？/Have you brushed your teeth?
洗脚了吗？/Have you washed your feet?
吃钙了吗？/Have you taken calcium?
喝奶了吗？/Have you drunk milk?
热水给他们倒好了吗？/Have you poured hot water for them?
上厕所了吗？/Have you been to the bathroom?
穿衣服，我带你下楼跳绳去。/Get dressed, I'll take you downstairs to jump rope.
一分钟跳绳计时开始。/One minute jump rope timing starts.
时间到了，停下来。/Time's up, stop.
你今天在学校发生什么有趣的事了吗？/Did anything interesting happen at school today?
再给你10分钟的时间玩，然后我们要回家了。/You have another 10 minutes to play, and then we have to go home.
有北京户口的孩子才能在北京高考。/Only children with Beijing hukou can take the college entrance examination in Beijing.
虽然我们可以在北京上学，但是无法高考，我们就面临着回到老家高考的问题。/Although we can go to school in Beijing, we cannot take the college entrance examination, so we are faced with the problem of returning to our hometown to take the college entrance examination.
各个省学习的内容不完全一样，高考的内容也不完全一样，所以如果我们需要会老家高考，我们也就需要提前回去让孩子学习老家那边的高考内容。/The content of study in each province is not exactly the same, and the content of the college entrance examination is not exactly the same. So if we need to take the college entrance examination in our hometown, we need to go back in advance to let the children learn the content of the college entrance examination in our hometown.
户口是身份的一部分，上面写明了你属于哪个地方。/Hukou is part of your identity, which indicates where you belong to.
我出差了。/I'm on a business trip.
thank you for pushing the fix, still I have a few concern regarding current solution. /谢谢你推动了这个修复，但是我对当前的解决方案还有一些担忧。
方案一，在调整大小时根本不会有重新映射过程，因此更新的消耗是很小的。/In solution one, there will be no remapping process at all when resizing, so the update consumption is minimal.
然而方案二，由于DOM是有columns构建的，所以在调整大小时会有更多的重新连接。/However, in solution two, because the DOM is constructed by columns, there will be more reconnections when resizing.
我们在讨论代码实现的流程，以及可能的问题。/We are discussing the process of code implementation and possible problems.
我有个事情想提一下for your awareness, CF那边有个新的task需要我来完成。/I have something to bring to your attention, for your awareness, there is a new task on the CF side that needs me to complete.
我大概估计了一下，需要花费我5天的时间来完成。/I estimated that it would take me 5 days to complete.
所以这边的工作可能会有一些延迟。/So there may be some delay in the work here.
你是说这边的工作中也有一些涉及到CF的任务吗，是哪些呢？/Are you saying that there are also some tasks related to CF in the work here, what are they?
是的，现在Feed2.0中的responsive card是不支持展示CF的, 在ntp 和 prong2中都不支持。/No, the responsive card in Feed2.0 does not support the display of CF, neither in ntp nor prong2.
我的新任务是为Prong2中的content card添加CF的展示。/My new task is to add the display of CF to the content card in Prong2.
目前CF没有在Prong2中展示。/Currently, CF is not enabled in Prong2.
CF在Prong2上没有enabled的原因是design team 不同意我们的design。现在我们更新了design并且通知了design team。所以我们准备开始这个任务。/The reason why CF is not enabled in Prong2 is that the design team does not agree with our design. Now we have updated the design and notified the design team. So we are ready to start this task.
总结一下，我需要做的工作有3个，1, 给Prong2中的content card以及responsive card 添加CF。/In summary, there are three tasks I need to do, 1. Add the CF function to the content card and responsive card in Prong2.
2，给NTP中的responsive card添加CF的展示。/2. Add the function of CF to the responsive card in NTP.
3，给waterfall layout中添加Feed level的CF展示。/3. Add the the Feed level CF function to the waterfall layout.
关于这个任务，我目前的想法是，重新设计feedData的数据结构。/Regarding this task, my current idea is to redesign the data structure of feedData.
但是由于目前的页面使用了老的组件，而它只支持原来的feedData的数据结构，所以我想retire掉这个组件，写一个新的组件，支持新的feedData的数据结构。/But because the current page uses old components, and it only supports the original data structure of feedData, so I want to retire this component, write a new component, and support the new data structure of feedData.
提醒一下，别忘了明天的午餐会。/Just a reminder, don't forget the lunch meeting tomorrow.
hi, 我对这个设计有一些疑问，我想跟你讨论一下。/hi, I have some questions about this design, I want to discuss with you.
设计上这个调查问卷是多选选项。但是我们没有任何后端接口来支持这种数据提交。/The survey questionnaire is a multiple-choice option in the design. But we don't have any backend interface to support this kind of data submission.
改成单选还是有些问题。/Changing to single choice still has some problems.
为了保持跟其他的页面一致，我们最好还是使用按钮而不是表单来收集反馈。/To keep consistent with other pages, it's better to use buttons instead of forms to collect feedback.
其他的页面是通过用户点击按钮时向后端发送的默认log来收集的。/Other pages collect feedback by sending default logs to the backend when the user clicks the button.
也就是我们不支持提交表单的操作。/That is, we do not support the submission of forms.
如果设计一定要做表单提交的话，我们需要邀请后端开发来支持。/If the design must be submitted as a form, we need to invite backend development to support it.
提醒一下，我们现在根据状态的不同，同一个按钮会有不同的名称。/Just a reminder, now according to different states, the same button will have different names.
我现在的我工作重点在任务A上，目前进度是已完成了主要代码的开发，一些设计细节上需要designer在确认一下。目前这个任务已经在PR中了。/My current focus is on task A, and the progress is that the main code development has been completed, and some design details need to be confirmed by the designer. The task is now in the PR.
任务B没有进展。/Task B has not progressed.
根据设计，点击小卡的时候，我们要关闭调查问卷。/According to the design, when you click on the small card, we need to close the survey.
关于design token我有些问题想提一下。/I have some questions about design tokens that I want to bring up.
我们如何统一不同canvas中的design token？/How do we unify design tokens in different canvases?
Preparing to Facilitate a Meeting for Someone Else. /为别人准备主持会议。
So Matt delegated facilitating the pre-con meeting to you your first week? /所以Matt在你第一周就把预备会议的主持工作委托给了你？
I guess he had to drop everything and head to Paris for some urgent business, so he handed it over to me. /我猜他不得不放下一切，赶去巴黎处理一些紧急的事情，所以他把这个任务交给了我。
I'm a little nervous, but I think I've processed all the info he passed on./我有点紧张，但我觉得我已经处理了他传递的所有信息。
Matt mentioned we still needed to identify a few more volunteers. /Matt提到我们还需要找到几个志愿者。
I skimmed the minutes, and I think we need only one more volunteer to assist with sound. /我浏览了会议记录，我觉得我们只需要再找一个志愿者来协助处理声音问题。
We could maybe get by with what we've got for registration, but several more volunteers are desired. /我们可能可以凑合着用现有的人员来处理注册，但是还需要几个志愿者。
Is that correct? /是这样吗？
I wish we'd had more tables for the conference, but we got by with what we had. /我希望我们能有更多的桌子用于会议，但是我们凑合着用现有的。
Yeah, and actually, it occurred to me that we should seek out an additional translator as well. /是的，实际上，我想到我们还应该寻找一个额外的翻译。
At the conference, several problems came up, but Kate thought on her feet and solved them all quickly. /在会议上，出现了几个问题，但是Kate当机立断，迅速解决了所有问题。
OK, that'll be the first on the agenda. And we'll have to make sure we're on track with equipment, catering, and accommodations. /好的，这将是议程上的第一项。我们还需要确保我们在设备、餐饮和住宿方面一切顺利。
I'll already email the attendees to remind them about the meeting. /我已经给与会者发送了电子邮件，提醒他们会议的时间。
I also plan to bring transportation up. Based on the e-mails I scanned, it looks like airport transportation has been arranged for most of the VIP delegates, but I didn't find anything set up for the last presenter invited. /我还计划提出交通问题。根据我浏览的电子邮件，大部分的VIP代表的机场接送已经安排好了，但是我没有发现最后一个被邀请的演讲者的接送安排。
He handed the meeting over to me. /他把会议交给了我。
为了能让CF的popup溢出卡片，我不得不禁用了content-visible属性。/In order to make the CF popup overflow the card, I had to disable the content-visible attribute.
那就导致了image的z-index=1在整个页面生效，所以我同时去掉了image的z-index。/This caused the image's z-index = 1 to take effect on the entire page, so I also removed the image's z-index.
去掉z-index之后，图片会在body之上，于是我为body增加了position:relative。/After removing the z-index, the image will be above the body, so I added position: relative to the body.
有么有可能我们为直接让这个改变生效，而不用去掉z-index？/Is it possible for us to make this change take effect directly without removing the z-index?
如果你有时间，你能帮忙看下这个设计怎么能在responsive card实施吗？/If you have time, can you help me see how this design can be implemented in the responsive card?
当CF弹出的时候，我们需要缩小content card。/When CF pops up, we need to shrink the content card.
responsive card现在没有个container可以用来做整体缩小。/The responsive card does not have a container available for overall shrinkage.
如果我加个div将img和body包在一起，我可能还需要将背景样式都应用到这个div上。/If I add a div to wrap the img and body together, I may also need to apply the background style to this div.
有更好的方法吗？/Is there a better solution?
对于news上cf的样式，目前是2种。/ There are currently two types of styles for CF on content cards.
ntp&winhp上用的是popup这种方式，已经ship了。/The popup template CF is used on ntp&winhp, which has been shipped.
prong2用的是expand-shrunk这种样式，这个正准备实验。/The expand-shrunk style is used on prong2, which will be flighted soon.
影响到整个responsiveCard的整体布局设计，需要跟Mauro讨论后继续。/It affects the overall layout design of the entire responsiveCard, and needs to be discussed with Mauro before continuing.
我尝试了一下，发现移到Data mapper中还是有点问题。/I tried it and found that there are still some problems moving it to the Data mapper.
这里的stateCallback function需要用到当前卡片的实例，但是在Data mapper中是没有这个实例的。/card instance data is required in the stateCallback function here, but there is no instance in the Data mapper.
而且对于contextualfeeedbackdata整个数据类型，它是为了传递给组件cs-contextual-feedback而存在的。它的类型定义跟子组件的位置放在了一起，由data mapper中import这样的一个数据类型有点不太合适。/And for the entire data type of contextualfeeedbackdata, it exists to be passed to the component cs-contextual-feedback. Its type definition is placed together with the subcomponent, and it is not very suitable for the data type imported from the data mapper.
所以结论就是你需要做2件事：1 跟丽萍商量一下现在CF的方案是不是可行。2. 将img挪到body里。/So the conclusion is that you need to do two things: 1. Discuss with Liping whether the current CF solution is feasible. 2. Move the img to the body.
对于这部分问题，我们唯一的矛盾点就是是否将CF 从experience中剥离出来，成为一个shared template，可供其他组件调用。我理解这样做可以减小我们的shadow root，但是这样做不利于我们CF非实验。以及对于localizaion的维护。同时，如果是作为shared template的话，它一定会被bundle并被用户load的，而实际上只有很小一部分用户会命中这个体验，放在experience做动态load是不是更好呢。/For this part of the problem, the only contradiction is whether to separate CF from the experience and become a shared template that can be called by other components. I understand that this can reduce our shadow root, but it is not conducive to our CF non-experiment. And for the maintenance of localizaion. At the same time, if it is used as a shared template, it will definitely be bundled and loaded by the user, but in fact only a very small number of users will hit this experience. Is it better to put it in experience for dynamic load?
CF的localization String非常多，CF experience中维护了一个cfId对于servey内容的映射表。后端传来的cfid觉得了用户显示个servey内容及选项。虽然更好的方式是wpo直接将servey的内容给到前端渲染，但是目前后端因为技术原因吧，还是需要前端来做这个映射。可能短期无法解决。/There are a lot of localization Strings in CF, and CF experience maintains a mapping table of cfId to servey content. The cfid passed by the backend determines the servey content and options displayed to the user. Although the better way is for wpo to directly give the servey content to the front end for rendering, but currently, due to technical reasons, the backend still needs the front end to do this mapping. It may not be resolved in the short term.
事实上，最开始的时候，CF是个webcomponent,我们用supercomponentdata为它提供localizaion strings，但是随着CF的样式越来越多，survey的内容越来越多，以及要与coach mark 做dedupe这个需求的到来，最终我们选择将CF封装成了一个experience。/In fact, at the beginning, CF was a webcomponent, and we used supercomponentdata to provide localizaion strings for it. But as CF's styles and survey content increased, and the requirement to dedupe with coach mark came, we eventually chose to encapsulate CF into an experience.
我们是不是可以在父元素上添加一个atrribulte or class 再来选择其所有的子元素，而不是单独为每个子元素添加class? /Can we add an attribute or class to the parent element to select all its child elements, instead of adding a class to each child element separately?
在responsive card中，实现一个container层，以便CF弹出时，可以缩小content card。/In the responsive card, implement a container layer so that the content card can be shrunk when CF pops up.
我想八卦一下，你们team有什么新的项目吗？/I want to gossip a little, do you have any new projects in your team?
我向您发送了一封关于更改卡片操作按钮和关注按钮样式的电子邮件，标题是xx，你有时间看下吗？/I sent you an email about changing the card operation button and follow button styles, with the title xx, can you take a look when you have time?
提案中的实现方式跟目前的lazy map的原理是类似的，都是在布局变化的时候，再map出新的数据。/The implementation method in the proposal is similar to the principle of the current lazy map, which is to map out new data when the layout changes.
我想这个应该是可以在feed3 上work的, 这个设计的最终目的就是为了更好的处理feed3上的datamap。/I think this should work on feed3, the ultimate goal of this design is to better handle the datamap on feed3.
感谢列出的这些检查点，我会在记录下来，然后在下次review的时候检查一下。/Thank you for listing these checkpoints, I will record them and check them next time I review.
我们目前是打算现在feed2飞，这样以便看出这个方案自身的影响。/We are currently planning to fly feed2 now, so that we can see the impact of this solution itself.
从现有UX资源的角度。我想1c SuperInfopane的组件也许满足需求，但我不确定从设计角度，我们是否可以这样做。/From the perspective of existing UX resources. I think the 1c SuperInfopane component may meet the requirements, but I am not sure if we can do this from a design perspective.
关于为啥把CF封装成单独的组件，主要是2个原因，1，为了注册到Nurturing Framework中去，与其他的coach mark一起做dedupe。2，为了减小bundle size，CF自身可以进行dynamic load, 以为CF trigger 概率很小，没必要为所有用户的load。/The main reason for encapsulating CF into a separate component is twofold: 1. To register it in the Nurturing Framework and dedupe with other coach marks. 2. To reduce the bundle size, CF can be dynamically loaded by itself, as the probability of CF trigger is very small, and it is not necessary to load it for all users.
减少CF组件shadow root的层数。/Reduce the number of shadow root layers of the CF component.
我好奇的问一下，如果我们有这个信号了，我们将以何种方式传递给前端呢？以pageContext的方式返回吗？、/I'm curious, if we have this signal, how will we pass it to the front end? Return it in the form of pageContext?
这样的话，我想提醒一下，前端对这种数据的使用有2中方式，一种是存在localstorge中，待用户下次打开页面时读取生效。这种方式的好处是比较早期的能够获得信号并渲染页面。缺点是SSR下失效。另一种方式是当次获取到信号即生效，但是因为得到信号时间较晚，造成页面抖动。/In this case, I would like to remind you that there are two ways for the front end to use this data. One is stored in localstorge and takes effect when the user opens the page next time. The advantage of this method is that it can obtain the signal early and render the page. The disadvantage is that it is invalid under SSR. The other way is to take effect immediately when the signal is obtained, but because the signal is obtained late, it causes page jitter.
Is the ask for me to work on a flight to remove the gradients from sd cards? /请问我是要去做一个flight来移除sd卡的渐变色吗？
I'm not sure if I understand the ask correctly. /我不确定我是否正确理解了要求。
could you please prioritize this? /你能优先处理这个吗？
我要先drop了，我等下有个会。/I have to drop first, I have a meeting later.
对不起，我要迟到一小会，我现在有个会议冲突了。/Sorry, I'm going to be a little late, I have a meeting conflict now.
我能先看下设计效果吗？/Can I see the design effect first?
你能向上滚动一下，我想看看上一部分的内容。/Can you scroll up, I want to see the content of the previous part.
我发现设计上有个数据提交的功能。/I found a data submission function in the design.
既然要提交数据，那我们就需要后端接口来支持。/Since we need to submit data, we need backend interfaces to support it.
所以我们是想复用report an issue的后端接口吗？/So are we trying to reuse the backend interface of report an issue?
我注意到Report an issue时，是向2个不同的后端接口提交数据的。/I noticed that when reporting an issue, data is submitted to 2 different backend interfaces.
我们要用哪个后端接口来提交数据？/Which backend interface are we going to use to submit data?
同一个用户，我们要他多次提交数据吗？/For the same user, do we want him to submit data multiple times?
我们要在我们的调查问卷中渲染一整张新闻卡片吗？/Do we want to render a whole news card in our survey?
这可能有点复杂，我需要时间调查一下可行性。/This may be a bit complicated, I need time to investigate the feasibility.
我现在的想法是，将popup样式的调查问卷移动到feed那层，这样可以减少对content card的影响。/My current idea is to move the popup style survey to the feed layer, which can reduce the impact on the content card.
但是我们不能完全移除content card上的调查问卷，因为在Prong2上，我们还是有banner样式的调查卷。/But we can't completely remove the survey on the content card, because in Prong2, we still have banner style surveys.
所以你是想我们存储2份同样的文本吗，一部分放在卡片中，一部分放在单独的组件中。/So you want us to store the same text twice, part in the card and part in a separate component.